Instructions
Within your groups you are going to be creating a Node application called "Great-Bay" which allows users to create and bid on assorted items, tasks, jobs, or projects.

prompt(post item or bid on item)
if(post an item = true ){
Title
starting bid
time in days
highest bidder name
}

if (bid on an item = true){
    select * items in db
    and prompt user for which item they want
    user enters bid price
        if(user bid > highest bid){
            your bid is now highest
            replace highest bidder name with current user
        }else{
            console.log(you failed)
            restart selection screen
        }
}




Once your group has put together the basic application, it's time to test your collective skills on some additional functionality, or "addons". Remember to take into consideration the amount of time you have been given when choosing what addons you would like to tackle.



Create a sign up and login system that prompts users for a username and password upon loading up the app. Do not worry about setting up a truly secure database if you choose to tackle this addon. Just worry about building working sign up and login features.

Create a system on the "POST AN ITEM" which allows users to look at the auctions they have created. On this screen they can add new auctions, modify previous auctions, or close bidding on an auction.
Create a system which allows users to view all of the auctions of which they are the leading bidder.
Create a third option on the main screen which allows administrators to modify the database as they see fit.
Create visually appealing tables. This means making dynamic console code and it is a lot harder than it might seem at first so do not think this one is so simple.

Create a search function that allows users to look through the database of available auctions to find those that share the specified keyword or username.
Get creative! There are a lot of addons to this app which you could create so feel free to work with your group to come up with something not listed above!